---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2004-09-02 00:25:48+00:00
draft: false
title: What a Day!
type: post
url: /2004/09/01/what-a-day/
---

Man, let me tell you something cool about today. I have been playing with this Blog pretty much since I got home. Its really cool because I've been learning all kinds of stuff. But that is not the news of the hour!!
I was just gonna let any of you out there know that Kevin Rose of the screen savers is going to be giving out 1000 Gmail addresses on Friday at 8 EST. He's just gonna post them on his website, www.kevinrose.com , and then let people click all the links. SO!!! If any of you don't have a Gmail account, get with the program and check it out! If you miss it friday, you can catch it again on Tuesday when he will be giving out 1000+ emails during the screensavers.
Speaking of the screensavers. I have to say that I was disappointed tonight because I turned it on expecting to see a new set and co-host, but i guess the G4TechTV schedule was wrong. I thought the website said it was premiering September 1st, but i guess its not. Crap.
You guys should leave comments and stuff on here to make me feel SPECIAL! Not that I say much to comment on. That would be nice though...you know...to know people are taking interest in something you are doing.
I think I'm gonna play with this BLOG a bit more and customize it to my liking. Its kind of got it going...but alas...it is still a pre-designed template, and I have no cool links or my personality. I did add an AudioBlog...which I will try to do every now and then, just so you people can hear my beautiful voice.....yeeeeeees.
Okay well, not much else to say I don't guess. Check back often. Leave comments. Send Money. Whatever floats your boat! Later!
site of the day: www.xbox-scene.com  - your source for xbox modding

