---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2007-08-23 01:58:04+00:00
draft: false
title: The Quest
type: post
url: /2007/08/22/the-quest/
categories:
- Life
---

I feel that I am about to embark on a ridiculously long journey to an unknown land. Why do I feel this, you ask? Because I've planned it all. Well, I've sort of planned it all. It's all kind of rolling around in my head right now with no real set pattern. Anyway, before I ramble too much and lose you all, here's my idea.

I'm going to be going to Morgantown, WV in a few weeks and it's an incredibly long trip. It's 15 hours from here in Tallahassee to there. Stephanie started going to school at WVU and we're having to do what we can to work at all this. I haven't seen her since mid-July and it's starting to wear me down. I've been debating between flying up there or driving and I think that driving is looking to be more practical for me. I don't really like the idea of driving, but I love the idea of seeing Stephanie so that's what I'm going to have to do. It's only 15 hours...I can pull that off right?? I just don't know if I'll be able to pull it off in one day.

It would be awesome of I had a driving buddy. These long trips are always easier with someone to go with you. Chris is going to the Austin Gaming Conference so he won't have any leave time to go with me. I hope he has a blast at the conference though. He and Adam went last year and they made a ton of connections. I think Ash is going to which could make for some excellent ramblings on the show she does with Producer Bill from [hhradio.net](http://www.hhradio.net).

Anyway, the google maps link below will show you the huge journey that I'm going to take towards the end of September.

[Tallahassee, FL to Morgantown, WV ](http://maps.google.com/maps?f=d&hl=en&geocode=&saddr=tallahassee,+fl&daddr=morgantown,+wv&sll=37.0625,-95.677068&sspn=34.038806,71.015625&ie=UTF8&z=5&om=1)
