---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2007-09-23 03:59:22+00:00
draft: false
title: Even If It Kills Me
type: post
url: /2007/09/22/even-if-it-kills-me/
categories:
- Life
---

I've been doing a whole lot of stuff the last couple weeks, and I feel like I'm finally getting somewhere. Like my life is headed in the right direction and everything is going to turn out fine. I don't know how many people are still reading this blog, and I don't know if I'm going to regret posting all this tomorrow, but regardless of who reads, I need somebody more than my super-close circle of friends to be thinking about me as a huge life altering thing might happen here soon. I've finally got a chance at getting a job up in Morgantown, WV where my amazing fiance, Stephanie, is attending pharmacy school. I had an interview the other day and it all went really well, and I'm praying with everything I've got that this turns out right and everything works out.

I have to admit that I'm crazy nervous about leaving everything I've known for the past few years, and telling all my close friends that I'm leaving, but I think this is right for me. Well, I KNOW this is right for me. Nothing could be more right. I'm finally, after 4 long years, going to be able to call up Stephanie and just say, "Hey! Want to come over?" It's amazing how simple a phrase can seem so strong and important after you've spent this much time away. I'll never take any single moment with her for granted ever again. I don't know if I'm even going to get the job yet, but I know that I have a strong possibility, and I can only hope that the guy I talked to on the phone knows that I'm so incredibly serious about this. I told him that my fiance was going to pharmacy school at WVU and that's why I need to be up there. A lot more is riding on this than a paycheck. I need to be there. She needs me to be there.

Honestly, I take moments like these and look at them as a reminder that God is there, listening and just having me wait for the right moment. The moment He knows is right for me. I've never really talked to much on here about my beliefs and what-not, but there is no way that anything like this could be possible, nor have turned out this convenient without His interaction. We've prayed and prayed and prayed for the last 4 years that something would happen and I could get a job near her. This timing is just too perfect. She just started school at the place she's going to be for the next 4 years, I've reached a point where I can move and not struggle to hard for it, and the job is at a place that I can see being a long term venture. It's all too right. I completely believe that if you knock, you shall receive, and it's times like these that it is cemented so much stronger in my mind. All you have to do is be willing to wait for whatever it is you are asking for. When the time is right, you'll get what is necessary.

Just as all the pieces of my relationship are falling into place, I've also, with the help of my freakin' awesome friends, got [Pi and CHiPS](http://www.piandchips.com) heading in the direction that we've wanted for so long. We've become a full fledged network with a podcast coming out almost daily. It's been very taxing on my system, but we've made it. We have a very active forum community, 5 shows, 4 of which come out every single week. We are hard at work on another show, "The Adventures of Jim Doogan", that will come out bi-weekly. We've had almost 70 downloads of [Horseshoes & Hand Grenades](http://www.horseshoes-handgrenades.com) for the last couple of episodes, and [Tweek'd](http://www.totallytweekd.com) has even had a writer for a super popular game website on the air for the last couple of shows.

Anyway, I should be getting another call from the company that interviewed me next week. I can't even explain how excited about this I am, and I would appreciate it if any of you reading this would either pray for me, or if you don't do that kind of thing, just keep me on your mind. It's probably one of the biggest events of my life for the past few years. If I can move up there, I'm only a short time away from finally being able to marry Stephanie. This is so important to me I don't even know how to express it. I know all this is going to work out :)
