---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2008-02-06 02:17:32+00:00
draft: false
title: 30 Days
type: post
url: /2008/02/05/30-days/
tags:
- Life
tags:
- challenge
- diet
- food
- hungry
---

I have embarked on an adventure that may very well leave me wishing I was dead. Okay, maybe it's not that extreme, but it's still a pretty heavy duty adventure. I am going to make it 30 days without soda or various other sugary beverages. I'm pretty much shunning everything but orange juice and unsweet tea. I'm not sure if I'll be able to make it all the way, but I'm willing to give it a pretty good shot.

I know that you're curious as to why on earth I would do something like this to myself. Well, it all started with a conversation the other night with Stephanie, and one way or another we wound up talking about dieting and stuff. I mentioned that I could make it a month without the previously mentioned things, and she proceeded to scoff at my boisterous claim. She has very good reason to do so, since I decide that I'm going to do things and then most of the time I stop. Well, this time I am not going to let it get to me. Most of the times that I've done this stuff I haven't had any help. I've pretty much told all of my friends and now I'm telling you, whoever you are. I'm going to make this whole month.

My head already sort of hurts due to my caffiene withdrawal, but I'm not going to let that get to me either. I was thinking about doing a cool video documentary while going through all this so I can post it to the web and show everybody how it goes. It probably won't be that interesting, and I'm sure after the 3rd day it may not even be necessary. I've heard about the three day hump being a staple of breaking all addictions. I could still make it pretty fun and cool to watch someday. Especially the inevitable scene that will have me eating a corn dog and wishing that I had a Coke.

So this is the end of Day 1 and I succeeded. Day 2 is looking to be much harder, but I'm still going to give it a try and see how it goes. Maybe I won't die :P
