---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2008-10-13 17:59:54+00:00
draft: false
title: Changes
type: post
url: /2008/10/13/changes-2/
categories:
- Life
tags:
- Life
---

These last couple months have been incredible! I can't even begin to tell you guys how awesome it is to have a normal relationship with my fiance, instead of the long distance, never see each other crap that we have dealth with for the past 5 years. I have learned more about her and appreciated her more than I ever have because right now she is all I have close to rely on. When I was in Florida I had my family and friends to run to if I had to, but here it's just me and her. It has definitely made me want to get married sooner because we're so close and since I'm staying with her right now it almost feels like we are anyway.

One of the big things I've been dealing with over the last couple months is not having a job. I got accepted for a position after only about two weeks, but they've had to finalize stuff and get me a start date which is taking longer that I would have wanted. It's a contract position kind of like my position with ASD a few years ago, but that's okay. I figure that as long as I have a paycheck coming in I should be happy. I'm a little nervous about the drive and where I'm actually working, but hopefully all that will fade as I get used to the commute and environment. It's only about 40 minutes away, but after living 5 minutes from work for 2 years, this is quite a difference.

I want to get an apartment soon but I'm waiting on my start date from this new job and to find out how much I'm going to be bringing home each pay period. Now I have to factor in gas and a bigger bill for rent. I think I'll be fine though since I usually had a ton left over when I had a roommate and never needed gas. I'll just have to adjust some of my spending habits. If I could just quit eating out so much I would be a lot better off. But, man, those calzones are so good!

I've really got to start motivating myself better. I have been pretty much lounging around and playing WoW a ton since I haven't had a job. I came up here with all these intentions for doing things with Horseshoes & Hand Grenades and making myself do stuff so I don't get used to the leisure lifestyle. Needless to say, the week I wanted to relax turned into a few weeks that I just wanted to relax. I'm going to have a hard time pulling myself out of bed when everything gets started I think . I'll be fine I know, and I think it's just the nerves talking. I need a schedule!

Things are good though and I thought I would just update the blog to let everybody who reads it know how I'm doing. I have way too many thoughts in my head right now so I better stop before I ramble way too much. Talk to you guys later!
