---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2010-10-11 18:53:09+00:00
draft: false
title: 5000 Meters
type: post
url: /2010/10/11/5000-meters/
tags:
- Games
- Life
---

Aha! The blog is still here with just a little dust sprinkled on the cover. Sometimes you just don't feel like writing, and sometimes those times last for a very long time. Wow, I used "time" a lot in that last sentence. Well, let's get right down to it then, shall we?

I would like to think that I am off the grid when I don't write in this blog for a while, but I'm pretty sure my entire life is being tracked by Twitter and Facebook so maybe I shouldn't worry that I'm missing things that much. I haven't done a whole lot of particular interest over the last few months. I'm still digging being married and enjoying life. Things have been relatively the same for a while, but I've got a few special nuggets that have popped up that I can talk about.

I ran my first 5k a couple weeks ago! That's 3.1 miles american! I was so very proud of it. Me and [Lando](http://www.landoman.com), along with his girlfriend, had been training pretty well for a few weeks prior to the run and I ended up doing pretty well. I made it in under 30 minutes, which was my goal and I couldn't be more happy about it. I was never a runner and I'm proud to say that I could even run one mile without stopping. I was winded by the end of that thing, but at least I made it. That's the most I've ever run in my life and I can now proudly say that I have a much better chance of surviving the zombie apocalypse. Like we learned from Zombieland, cardio is one of the most important things to have when the zombies get loose. They don't get tired. Another rule is communication, the HAM radio thing is going to have to come later.

I've also finally beaten both games in Mass Effect series on my XBox360. You may not think this is all that big of a deal, but these games are easily some of the most immersive and cinematic games I've ever played in my life. The story just sucks you in and doesn't let you go. It's been an obsession of mine for the past few weeks and I'm glad that I finally beat the second one just last night. In the game, you are Commander Shepard, a member of the Alliance military, who gets thrust into a huge intergalactic adventure spanning multiple planets and solar systems. You and your team are trying to stop "The Reapers" from coming in and wiping out everyone in the galaxy. There are some pretty awesome undertones in the game about racism and how sometimes doing the right thing might not be the best thing. One of my favorite aspects of the two games is that all of your decisions from the first game get imported into the second game. Basically the fate of your the galaxy is in your hands and the game remembers what you did across what will be a trilogy. I just hope I've made the right choices so that everything stays cool when Mass Effect 3 rolls around. 

Now, Lando has brought me another game to get obsessed with and I really should be doing something more productive. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to dig into this one and get it done as well. Fable 3 comes out in a few weeks and I'm going to have to be ready for that one. It's going to be huge too! 

Hope everybody is well out there in the universe. Take it easy!
