---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2010-06-09 00:42:10+00:00
draft: false
title: New-ness
type: post
url: /2010/06/08/new-ness/
tags:
- Life
---

Hey everybody! It's been a long time since I've typed anything but to be honest, it's been such a whirlwind couple months that I just didn't have the time. This is my very first post as a married man! That's right, my amazing wife Stephanie and I got married on May 15, 2010. We haven't even been married a month, but I already know this was the best thing I've ever done in my life. We're so incredibly happy together, and I honestly can't wait to see what the rest of our lives hold for us together. We've been dating since we were in high school and it was about time that we finally were able to tie the knot.

The wedding was so amazing I don't even know how to explain it all. We held all of the weekend festivities at the Foxwood Inn in Ghent, WV, and I don't think we could have picked a better place. We had the most incredible time out there. A few of my extended family were able to come and spend the weekend out there with us and it was so good to spend some real time with everybody. Christmas is great and all, but we never really get to talk a whole lot about anything. We all just kind of sat out on the back porch having wine and chatting about life in general. It's times like that that mean the most to me. Those times when you're just hanging with family or friends doing nothing in particular at all. I think that's why I like to "burn a fire" in a barrel whenever I go to my parents' house in Florida. It's time to connect without distractions.

Stephanie looked absolutely stunning in her wedding gown! My jaw literally dropped when I saw her come out the door to walk down the aisle. She was so beautiful! I'll definitely be posting pictures once we get them back from our incredible photographer, Amanda Reed. The ceremony is actually a total blur to me now, but I just remember seeing nothing but her as she walked down the aisle. I've often compared it to "For the Love of the Game", where Kevin Costner is pitching and the crowd just disappears and all he can see is the batter and the catcher. That's exactly what happened to me. Stephanie was all I could see. Total tunnel vision. We got through the whole thing without crying, thank goodness, but I smiled so much my cheeks were sore. I was sure that I would end up crying during the vows, but we held it together. We were just so excited to be getting married and finally making it to this point. We've been waiting so long that there really weren't any nerves at all. I was cool as a cucumber, man!

The speeches that were given at the reception were also very touching. Steph's dad started it off with a line that got everybody chuckling: "They told me I would have to give a toast, but I left it in a sandwich bag upstairs." I laughed so very hard at that. My dad surprised the crap out of me by knocking it out of the park with his speech. We always joke, on H&H, about him not being able to talk so that anyone could understand him, but he did such a good job. My mind was blown. He said such sweet stuff and earned some wicked brownie points from my mom for saying that she was the most beautiful bride he'd ever seen, but, of course, Stephanie was second prettiest :). Then Ash told a heartfelt story about how we first met and made me look like a total goober...which I love! It was really fun. Then Lando went for broke and just told us both, "'Bout damn time!" Which is so perfect for him :)

We then went on to dance our heads off all night long. I don't think I've ever done so much dancing in my life! I pulled off some crazy moves too, every one a bit goofier than the other. I even got to do the famous PeeWee Herman dance from PeeWee's Big Adventure. It was so much fun!

All in all, we had a fantastic weekend and I hope to have an even more fantastic life with my new wife. Stephanie is amazing and all I've ever looked for in someone to share this journey with. We're so excited to be married and know that we always have each other to turn to. Life is awesome!
