---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2012-12-08 04:05:43+00:00
draft: false
title: Purpose
type: post
url: /2012/12/07/purpose/
tags:
- Life
- podcasting
---

<blockquote>Purpose - 1. The reason for which something exists or is done, made, used, etc.</blockquote>


I've spent the last couple weeks thinking about what I can do with an older podcast idea to revive it and make it into something people would want to listen to. I've bounced around ideas in my head about what I want the show to be, or what I want to do with it and I'm trying to pick out the purpose of the show. What do I want to accomplish with it? What do other people want to hear about and who would come on the show to talk about it with me?

The idea I'm talking about is a show called "[Podcastination](http://www.podcastination.com)." It was originally intended to be a show where I interview other podcasters. It was in the same vein as "Inside the Actor's Studio." I didn't want it to just be about their podcasts and turn into a 30 minute commercial. I wanted to get to the essence of why they do it, and I wanted to hear about their lives on their way to figuring out that this was something they wanted to do.

I've always found myself interested in where people come from and how they get to the point in their lives that they are at. It doesn't sound all that interesting at first, but I think people have some pretty cool stories. Maybe I'm just a creeper who likes to know where people came from, but I think when you can see where the story is leading, it's super interesting. I've been inspired lately by Kevin Smith's "Fat Man on Batman" podcast in which he interviews artists, writers, and actors involved in bringing Batman to us in so many different ways. Half of the podcast normally doesn't revolve around Batman at all, but on their lives up to where they started working with Batman. These people are just so incredibly interesting to me, and I think the common man can have just as many great stories.

I think I may have found the purpose of the show, and I'm super excited about it. I've been out of podcasting too long and my epic Heil PR40 mic needs some attention. I'm coming back folks! Now to go find me some guests....


