---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2013-01-27 03:53:44+00:00
draft: false
title: Sim City
type: post
url: /2013/01/26/sim-city/
tags:
- Games
- Life
---

I got into the beta to the newest edition of Sim City! I spent some time playing it today really enjoyed myself. I'm pretty sure that's the only thing that I did today that's really significant. I've been trying to play the game since early this morning but the servers have been blocking logins all day long because they were troubleshooting some performance issues. It's a good thing they were though, because if I had access to it all day, I wouldn't have gotten a thing done. Which is kind of what happened anyway, but at least it wasn't because I was playing video games all day.<!-- more -->

Despite Sunday being designated as the Lord's day and a day of rest, Stephanie and I always tend to rest on Saturday. It's just the perfect day to chill after a long week of work. We always plan to do all kinds of things around the house that we've been wanting to get done, but we never get around to it. We usually end up just doing whatever we want until early afternoon, then we fall asleep for a few hours, then we wake up and stay up to late. I don't know if we'll ever find a way out of that pattern, at least until we have kids. Once you have kids, there is no schedule. There also are no facebook posts that do not involve your children. I'm going to try and hold back on that last part. It'l be tough, but I don't want to be one of "those" people.

I actually got to watch Stephanie play Sim City for a while tonight and had a really good time doing that too. Usually I want to steal the controller away and take over, but it was so much fun watching her build a city and do what she did. I haven't seen her play a video game in a while, and she seemed to have a really good time with this one. Maybe this is another game that we can play together. Since it's always online, you can build cities next to other people's and then share resources. I might see if she wants to get a copy of the game when it comes out and we'll both be able to build cities and help each other out. That could be really fun. We haven't had a game we could play together in a while. She's never really been into MMOs, so we never could get one of those and play together, despite my many attempts to get her to play Star Wars: The Old Republic with me :P.

I think I'm going to head to bed here soon and read a little bit more of_ The Name of the Wind_. Such a fantastic book!
