---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2013-01-17 04:18:28+00:00
draft: false
title: I'm a Robot
type: post
url: /2013/01/16/im-a-robot/
categories:
- Books
- Life
---

The newest old Weezer album is amazing and I wish I had picked it up before. I feel like they really knock it out of the park with every other album, and that's cool! Not every one has to be a winner. Tim Burton does the same thing with movies and I still love him!<!-- more -->

None of these things are the point of this post. I don't really know what I should write about tonight, but I will say that I feel like every time I sit down to write in this blog, I have a little bit more fun with it. I'm really going after all of this with no filter and no intention of ever caring if anybody reads it. I'm just going to be glad to go back in a few years and see what in the world was on my mind. The funny thing is that I don't talk about most of this stuff in my daily life. I usually spend time yelling about liberty and what not, but I try not to get political here. Let's just say all this [gun law stuff](http://www.cnn.com/2013/01/16/politics/guns-congress/index.html?hpt=po_c1) is making me a crazy person. The Second Amendment is in place because our fore-fathers new what they had to deal with, and wanted to make sure that the people would always be equipped to do it again when it happened. Not IF it happened again, but WHEN it happened again. I may be assuming a bit, but it makes sense to me. However, some of these laws also make sense. And it seems most of the "executive orders" that were put in place are actually within the confines of the executive branch. The rest will have to be put through congress. Thank God for checks and balances. Those colonial gents were some forward thinking individuals.

Anyway, none of that is important to what I'm talking about here. Stephanie and I started doing devotions again the other day and have thoroughly enjoyed it. We were really on fire a while back and were doing a great job. We have this little couples devotional bible that has really great stories and anecdotes to read along with a passage of the bible. We're learning a lot from it and it actually has some really cool conversation topics. We end up spending a ton of time just talking to each other rather than having our faces stuck in our cell phones and on the TV screen. It's been good!

Along with that, I'm also reading a book called "[The Perks of Being a Wallflower](http://www.amazon.com/Perks-Being-Wallflower-Stephen-Chbosky/dp/1451696191)" that my family got me for Christmas. It's really good. They made a movie out of it that came out at the end of last year and I didn't get to see it. After reading the book, I really want to see how they did the movie. The movie was actually written and directed by [Stephen Chbosky](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0154716/), the same guy who wrote the book. I LOVE that! I think it's awesome that a guy can take an idea and make it work in more than one medium. It's even cooler that he also directed it, which means it's his vision from start to finish. Minus the part where whoever edited it did their magic.

I've been listening to a lot of [Kevin Smith](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0003620/?ref_=fn_al_nm_1)'s podcasts on his [Smodcast](http://smodcast.com/) network lately. That guy is seriously a hero for slackers and geeks everywhere. Not only do I thoroughly enjoy his movies, but he's just a genuinely interesting person. He has so much cool stuff to say, and  when he doesn't, he has guests and friends who fill in those points. I'm really digging his "Film School Fridays" podcast right now. I don't think he gets to do it weekly, but there are 5 or 6 episodes out right now that I've been chugging through. I really love listening to people talk about making movies. It's such an intriguing world to me.

Well, it's late and I need to go to sleep. I finally got my app working today, so tomorrow is when I start to fine tune it. Exciting stuff!
