---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2013-06-18 22:00:31+00:00
draft: false
title: Routines
type: post
url: /2013/06/18/routines/
categories:
- Life
---

Over the past few months, it's been my goal to become more fit, eat healthier, study more, learn things, and just be a generally all around better person in a lot of different ways. I guess I want to get the most out of everything I do, but I've come to a painful realization: I'm pretty LAZY.

I have no idea what's wrong with my "motivation engine." Something is just downright broken. It takes so much more focus for me to keep the momentum up when I really get into something. I have these spurts of drive that help me really get things done and accomplish some pretty awesome stuff, but they are way too few and far between for my liking. I don't think I'm ADD, because once I find something I have a passion in, I tend to focus on that pretty hardcore. It's hard to pull me away from something that I really love, but that's the problem. I love some pretty useless stuff.

I'm going to try an experiment for the next little bit of my life. I've figured out that I'm one of those people that needs some pretty intense rules to live by in order to succeed. If left to my own devices, I'm most likely going to choose the path of least resistance. I'm going to the easy route to accomplish things. A lot of things have come really natural to me. Ever since I was little, there were just certain things that I was really good at and I never had much of a struggle. This was both a gift and a curse, as the things that I struggled with are just things I tended to avoid. I'm really blessed that the things that keep a roof over my head and food in my belly are things that I'm also good at and come pretty easy. I need to start tackling things that aren't exactly super simple for me though.

It's high time that I set a routine. I'm going to attempt to alternate days and do at least an hour or so of something that will make me a better person. It will kind of look like this:


<blockquote>Body > Mind > Body > Mind > Body > Recharge</blockquote>


So I kind of want to just workout every other day of the week, then do something that helps out my brain the other two days. That includes spending time writing, learning something new, focusing on something that will help out at work, or just being creative. I need to spend lest time browsing Reddit or watching TV and more time trying to become Batman. I probably won't be patrolling the streets of Cary at night, but I can at least do something good for myself. There's a lot I need to get done that I've put off for a long time.

I need to call and talk to people more. I'm way too used to texting back and forth with people. Something gets lost there. That was my random thought for this post.

Anyway, today is Mind day, so I've spent time writing in this blog. I also updated the theme of it, so that was fun. Then I spent a few minutes reading some articles about Linux. Which may end up helping me out in my job. We also have a show tonight, so that always pushes me to do my best. I love my podcast so much :)

Later!
