---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2017-09-03 14:10:33+00:00
draft: false
title: Dragon Con 2017
type: post
url: /2017/09/03/dragon-con-2017/
categories:
- Life
- podcasting
---

Every time we come to this convention, we have a good time. Man, this year is no exception. I think yesterday may have been one of the coolest days I've ever had at a convention.

Each year I try to meet someone from the Frogpants podcast network, or someone from the Diamond Club and just say, "Hi." This year, I had a really conversation with Brian Dunaway, and got Justin Robert Young to sign my Contender box. Since I got here, I've struggled a bit with what to get into or where to go. For the most part, I've just been hunting cool people to see and talk to. For the most part, this is a sci-fi con. There is also quite a bit of SyFy channel stuff here that I have no clue about, but I've been pleasantly surprised by how much I've enjoyed it anyway.

The Sailor Moon voice actor panel I went to was super fun and I have no idea what any of that show is really about. Stephanie and Ashley were huge fans of it and I've watched some of it with them, but I still don't get it. The cool thing about some of these panels is that none of them necessarily need to be something you're into as long as the people who are in it are fun to see and listen to. The Sailor Moon ladies were so fun, and they clearly love what they do.

One of the biggest wins so far for me was getting the legendary George Lowe to do the intro for our 400th episode. I was beside myself. I didn't even know how to breathe after that happened. I have no idea if it's going to turn out okay because the mic was so hot, but I think I can fix it enough that it sounds like it belongs. He was as genuine and wonderful as ever, and it's always such a joy to meet him.

Second major win, which is pretty much as good as the first but lists are needed. I got to meet/hang out with Brian Dunaway! He was so cool, man. We really got to hang for a few minutes and spend some real quality time just talking about whatever came to mind. He asked me a bunch of questions as well which felt awesome to me. I asked him about coming on our show sometime and he was totally down for it. I'm hoping that really works out because I'd love to talk to him about all things podcasting and art. He's such a down to earth, cool dude.

Well, that's day 1 and 2 for me at Dragon Con. Not even remotely sure what we'll do today, but I think we can find some stuff to get into. I'm a little crowd exhausted, but I think we can pick it up and make it through another day. I'm refreshed after getting to meet some heroes last night so I'm ready to take on the day. I'm not sure I'm ready for the level of crowds but we'll see how it goes.

Woo!
