---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2018-05-02 19:37:25+00:00
draft: false
title: Level 33
type: post
url: /2018/05/02/level-33/
categories:
- Life
---

I am officially level 33! I have earned enough experience to get myself to the next great step on the way to taking a permanent dirt nap. I feel pretty good to be honest. I'm not the model of perfection I may have hoped to be by this point in my life, but I'm pretty happy with the progress I've made so far. I have a house, a wife, a kid, a job, and all the other essentials it takes to feel like you're doing pretty good in your life. I'm also exercising regularly now, which is totally new for me but such a great thing. It's never too early to start taking care of yourself I guess.

As far as my actual level up day goes, I had such an amazing time! We had a wonderful church service that morning, then Stephanie and I went to see The Avengers: Infinity War at the Alamo Drafthouse. I loved it! It was such an amazing movie and such an awesome experience at the theatre. I would totally go back to the Alamo again. I had a couple little troubles that I won't get into here, but it wasn't Alamo's fault and they were so good at making it a fun experience. The movie was unbelievable. I'll likely go through the rollercoaster of emotions it caused me in another post.

The fun didn't stop at seeing movies though. I came home to some wonderful Mario decorations that Sam, Jacob, and Ashley all worked on while we were out. They were so cool. Not to mention the awesome cookie cake that Stephanie made me. Oh! And the rice krispy treats! She shaped them like stars from Mario. Everything was so perfect.

They hooked me up with some phat loots as well. I got some new shoes, a fantastic leather bracelet that says "Fight in the Shade" on it, some Bowser socks, underwear, shirts, and last but definitely not least, God of War for my PS4. So that's a ton of really adult gifts and then one gift I would have loved as a teenager and still love now. My presents are changing greatly as I level up. Not sure how I feel about that one.

It was an amazing level up day and I couldn't have spent it with better people. I have such an amazing family. Here's to another trip around the sun! I'm going to try to make this one even better than the last one!
