---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2018-01-25 18:00:36+00:00
draft: false
title: Eat Right
type: post
url: /2018/01/25/eat-right/
tags:
- Life
---

Over the past week, Stephanie and I have both rededicated ourselves to eating better. Like everyone, it's a work in progress and we do better some days than others, but we're doing pretty well so far. It's mainly an attempt at eating a lot less sugar, and a lot more veggies. After listening to a podcast about longevity, I'm even down for cutting out more meat and doing more vegetarian meals.

One thing we notice every time we get on a healthy food kick is that _everything_ in our lives starts working better when we're eating right. We start thinking more about how we're spending our time, we start going to bed like we're supposed to, we start working on projects we've been neglecting, and on and on. It's like the cornerstone of nearly every good habit we have is eating properly. Last night was the first night in two or three weeks that I didn't play [Stardew Valley]({{ sit_url }}/stardew-valley).

I'm excited about what we're doing to try to make some changes in our lives, and I'm happy to publicly talk about it, if for no other reason than to have some internet accountability. I'm at 215 lbs right now. That's up 15 lbs since the last time we stopped eating right. I think that was shortly before Thanksgiving last year. So I definitely need to make some changes, and I'm feeling good about it. I can get back down to 200 and eventually to my goal of 190. I'm not super overweight, but if I keep this up, I will be.

Here's to eating healthy!
