---
author: 2dsteve_ty3fxq
date: 2019-07-30 18:46:22+00:00
draft: false
title: Uh, Live
type: post
url: /2019/07/30/uh-live/
tags:
- Life
---




Dreams come true, man. Sometimes it takes a while. Sometimes it happens in a flash. Sometimes it happens when you decide to take action. 







Horseshoes & Hand Grenades was performed LIVE in front of an audience last Thursday at GalaxyCon and I'm still floating on cloud nine when I think about it. It was more than I could have hoped for. Ash and I were hoping to get even 10 people to show up in the room. No one had any idea who we were, but decided to pop in anyway. I will be grateful forever for those 20-ish people who decided to spend a couple hours with us super late at night to play some games and laugh a bit.







On a personal note, it's rare that I find myself fearless. I mean, completely devoid of anxiety or nerves that make me get into my head about what I'm doing. The last time I was ever completely fearless, or in the zone, was performing live for folks back in high school when my band had a show. This was one of those times.







I'm kind of an introvert, but you put me on a stage and I can come to life. Give me a microphone and the power to pretty much roll with whatever I think needs to be said, and I'm in a zone. These were a bunch of strangers I've never met before, and watching them be entertained and laugh with me was such a joy. It's the closes to high I'm going to get considering I don't do drugs. 







Ash was on point with her stories and jokes too, and it just made for such an awesome dynamic. We played games with the audience and they dug it so much. The participation was great and I think they truly dug the show we put on for them. They stayed the whole time and I think that's saying something. 







If I learned anything from the experience, it's that we need to ask for gigs when we want them. All we did for this one was ask to do it. I have to credit Ashley completely for this. I didn't think they'd want our show, and she believed in it from day one. I was a nay sayer and she was like, "we're doing this and I'm going to make it happen." We never would have gotten the opportunity without her persistence. She's amazing.







Next up is Dragon Con, where we get to do our show live in front of strangers and friends. If we can do as well as we did in front of an audience of complete strangers, then I can only imagine what we can do in front of our friends. I'm so excited for it.







Until next time!



