---
author: Stephen Adams
date: 2021-01-25 21:32:20+00:00
draft: false
title: Comments
type: post
url: /2021/01/25/comments/
#image: /img/some_featured_image.jpg
#categories:
#LIST: books,code,comics,everything,fatherhood,gadgets,games,internet,life,movies,music,nerd,podcasting,politics,random,science,tech,tv,video,work,writing
categories:
  - Nerd
---

I have spent the last couple days still day dreaming a bit on what to do with this blog and trying to get it to a pretty suitable replacement for Wordpress. I mean, I'm there, but one thing is missing: **Comments**.

I looked at a bunch of solutions to try to enable comments here, but so far nothing has done the trick for me. I went through almost all the systems that Hugo lists on it's site, but the one I wanted the most seems to now be unsupported and the others just leave a bit to be desired, or require more effort than I'd like. Disqus is still a thing I can use, but the bummer about it is that I can't modify the way it looks and it does **not** fit the vibe that I'm going for here. 

In short, you're not going to be able to leave comments. That's not the worst thing though. I don't have to deal with spambots, and you can just tweet at me if you have a comment.

If you think this is the end of the journey though, you haven't been following along with me for long enough. I get obsessive, and I doubt this is the last time that I'll try to poke around wiht a solution for this thing. The one solution that did seem pretty cool to me was from a service called Staticman that doesn't appear to be supported anymore. That one actually treated every comment as a Pull Request to Github where this project lives. If you accept the pull request, then you accept the comment, and that comment gets dumped onto the page. That's a fascinating idea, and might be something worth exploring in the future. 

For now, I'm just going to enjoy the way I have this setup and move on for a bit. After all, there is much more to talk about than just all this nerdy stuff, and I'm definitely interested in doing more of that. 