---
author: Stephen Adams
date: 2021-02-01 20:06:46+00:00
draft: false
title: Fresh Air
type: post
url: /2021/02/01/fresh-air/
#image: /img/some_featured_image.jpg
#tags:
#LIST: books,code,comics,everything,fatherhood,gadgets,games,internet,life,movies,music,nerd,podcasting,politics,random,science,tech,tv,video,work,writing
tags:
  - Nerd
---

Welp, I did it. I finally decided to pick up a new laptop. The old one was looking a bit long in the tooth and even Apple had finally given up on it. I couldn't install the latest OS on it and that was really bumming me out. So not only was it slow, but it also had reached the end of it's rope in terms of being able to update.

Since I needed one anyway, why not go ahead and grab one of these fancy new Macbook Airs with the new M1 chip in it. This thing is crazy fast. The best example of the speed is when I open it up after it's been sleeping. The thing powers on and is *useful* instantly. It's wild. 

Honestly, the most fun thing about it is that I've been setting it up and learning a bit more about all the things that have changed in MacOS over the last little bit. I found a [pretty rad site](https://sourabhbajaj.com/mac-setup/) someone made where they show a ton of neato tricks for developers. I kind of used it as a "getting started" guide and ended up with a bunch of cool little things to get me going. One of the things that I didn't know about, but also isn't a Mac exclusive. It's these cool little vim plugins and
config options that I've never seen before. I'm trying to get a handle on all of them because I feel like they'd be pretty good to know.

Anyway, this was a short rambly post, and it was really because I just wanted an excuse to type something up on it and get used to the keyboard. It's pretty awesome too. 
